helm: support Athena backend (#39801)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/helm-reference/teleport-cluster.mdx

`aws` settings are described in the AWS guide: [Running an HA Teleport cluster using an AWS EKS Cluster](../../deploy-a-cluster/helm-deployments/aws.mdx)

### `aws.region`

`aws.region` is the AWS region where the DynamoDB tables are located.

### `aws.backendTable`

`aws.backendTable` is the DynamoDB table name to use for backend storage.
Teleport will attempt to create this table automatically if it does not exist.
The container will need an appropriately-provisioned IAM role with permissions
to create DynamoDB tables.

### `aws.auditLogTable`

`aws.auditLogTable` is the DynamoDB table name to use for audit log storage.
Teleport will attempt to create this table automatically if it does not exist.
The container will need an appropriately-provisioned IAM role with permissions
to create DynamoDB tables. This MUST NOT be the same table name as used

> for `aws.backendTable` as the schemas are different.

Reviewer: Can there be a safe-guard in the chart against that?

Author: Teleport will refuse to start AFAIK

> If you are using the Athena backed, you don't need to set this value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using the Athena backend, you don't need to set this value.
```

Possible values are `dynamo` and `athena`.

### `aws.athenaURL`

`athenaURL` contains the Athena audit log backend configuration.
When this value is set, Teleport will export events to the Athena audit backend.

To use the Athena audit backend, you must set up the required infrastructure
(S3 buckets, SQS queue, AthenaDB, IAM roles and permissions, ...).

The requirements are described in [the Athena backend documentation](../backends.mdx#athena)

If both `aws.athenaURL` and `aws.auditLogTable` (DynamoDB) are set, the
`aws.auditLogPrimaryBackend` value configures which backend is used for querying.

### `aws.sessionRecordingBucket`

`aws.sessionRecordingBucket` is the S3 bucket name to use for recorded session
storage. Teleport will attempt to create this bucket automatically if it does
not exist.

The container will need an appropriately-provisioned IAM role with permissions
to create S3 buckets.

### `aws.backups`

`aws.backups` controls if DynamoDB backups are enabled when Teleport configures
the Dynamo backend.

### `aws.dynamoAutoScaling`

Whether Teleport should configure DynamoDB's autoscaling. Defaults to `false`.

<Admonition type="warning">

>   DynamoDB autoscaling is not recommended anymore. Teleport now defaults to "on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  DynamoDB autoscaling is no longer recommended. Teleport now defaults to "on
```

>   demand" dynamoDB billing more which is more reliable performance-wise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  demand" dynamoDB billing which is more reliable performance-wise.
```
